some twenty nine a psalm of David give
unto the Lord o you mighty ones give
unto the Lord glory and strength give
unto the Lord the glory due to his name
worshiped the Lord in the beauty of
holiness the voice of the Lord is over
the waters the god of glory thunders the
Lord is over many waters the voice of
the Lord is powerful the voice of the
Lord is full of majesty the voice of the
Lord
breaks the Cedars yes the Lord splinters
the Cedars of Lebanon he makes them also
skip like a calf Lebanon and Syrian like
a young wild ox the voice of the Lord
divides the flames of fire the voice of
the Lord shakes the wilderness the Lord
shakes the wilderness of Kadesh the
voice of the Lord makes the deer give
birth and strips the forests bare and in
his temple everyone says glory the Lord
sat enthroned at the flood and the Lord
sits as king forever
the Lord will give strength to his
people the Lord will bless his people
with peace
[Music]